[ABAC video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GG-VUvruzE)

Way to implement ABAC within Django application within Django there's always
users and groups. Users will be authenticated via Django-Token module and
represent actual users that can login or systems that communicate via API.
Groups in our application will represent both "organization", "organization
teams" and special "roles" such as "user", "moderator" or "admin".

The main issue with permission-based system is that it is massively complex in
my case because we can both have knowledge sources and Source collections as
well as organizations and users. Additionally users (or "organization")
themselves can be invited to see different knowledge sources but again with
different level of permissions as in just to "view" or "modify".

I want to make a Django content management system it will have files that have
"name", "added on", "description" and actual "file field" attributes. 
Source collections which will be groups of the knowledge sources.
There are also Users and Groups, they themselves are just implemented from Django,
however, I also want to add ABAC control model where users are assigned to groups
and those groups have permissions to "read" or "modify" the files make me a models
for Django RM as well as some basic ABAC config using the pycasbin
Django-authorization Library. 


Is that each user that created the file can also read the file as well as delete
the file users that have been assigned a collection or our members of collection
can view the files users that were invited can also view the files invitation
can have two modes read only or modify permission if user is an admin it can
always read and modify every file or collection if user is in a moderator group
he can read modify or delete files within his organization

